Together we are,
A powerful force,
As one, mind, body and soul.
Let no evil enter nor attempt to reduce us because of the beliefs we hold,
And with this love, combined with our strength,
We ward off pain and stress.
Technician I am, whole heartedly, in life and in death.
Okay I get it I’m an F. O. N. freak of nature
But the pen is gonna heat the paper
Was a problem in a incubator
Mom and dad was a creature maker I,
Never need the shaker the beef from table,
The teacher later,
Now your the beast awakener,
I don’t think the streets are safer!
My misery seepin' through my delivery,
Bitter we givers and they keep my figures don’t try to Nigga me.
The grave digger is hither he is no kidder see,
Consider the dark energy, sinner her be inner me!
Black diamonds all around clawing all, they’re down,
Definites who saw the clown,
And now steppin' with that tall amount of big tech and shit.
Aah-ooh! 3 times,
My people they know what that defines, (Aah-ooh, Aah-Ooh, Aah Ooh!)
When the people are lovin' and that’s T-9
He run and really make a beeline
They bout to hate,
Make out the great,
They bout to break
If they don’t pay off the cake,
Stay out my face,
You don’t want me to lay out the fake
Flip the sick or plain out relate
Damned and incredible straight out the gate!
We are the darkness but we’re leaving
We are the gods that are deceiving
We are the painters of blind faith
Coming straight out the gate
We are the children of your rivals
Holding guns while reading bibles
Go ahead and seal your fate
Straight out the gate
You see the face of Ebah on Tech Nina
Evil Brain Angel Heart I remain in the dark and anointed
With holy they console me when they know we saying
Got a hold of me, why they let go of me? I’m double jointed
I’m wicked and I represent the sickness
All you fraudulents feeling I’m falling offending the father
I place you in the deepest darkest part of abyss
Nobody but you without any food and no aqua
I blackened the sun on you bitches
Sack in the dungeons and ditches
Yapping is one of your glitches
Halt it The Kraken has come with the quickness
Back and I’m plundering chicks
And laughing you dummies trip when I’m Exalted
Tech N9ne
Fuck the industry independence
We enemies to them and he That’s blind
The champ is here
The vamp is near
Huntin' you heathens, hella hungry and I’m amped this year
I am the public enemy #1
Fuck your fame I became the name of the gun
Now they parents to Aaron
Because they sons and daughters wanna be martyrs
Believing is the art, ain’t it young?
All I got is my balls and rap,
I’m appalled that y’all want me to fall calling craps
Suckers hate it now they crawlin' back
Cause I’m tall as Shaq
And I’m always up for brawlin' bats
Strange music saved my life
I was fuckin' it then the music became my wife
Nobody on this planet can tame my mic
Call me crazy, don’t matter fucking insane I like!
When the sun’s beam melts
Everyone screams help
Then only one king’s felt when telling all survivors,
Welcome to Something Else!
And I say Kansas City
Will always stay Kansas City
Ya!
This is Something Else baby!
Let’s Go!
I ain’t knocking no more I’m breakin' in!